Azure Event Hubs October Releases (#5005)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## 1.0.0-beta.3 (2023-10-10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.0.0-beta.3 (2023-10-10)

Split the processor blob checkpoint store into its own package (azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob).

```

> ## 1.0.0-beta.2 (2023-09-12)

Author: @LarryOsterman, we need a changelog entry here.

Reviewer: Added.

Author: Thank you!

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.3 (2023-10-10)

> Split the processor blob checkpoint store into its own package (azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed all direct dependencies on Azure Blob Storage and moved those dependencies into a helper package 
(azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob-cpp).
```
